Destroying an engine should make the planet unsteerable!


Clean up universe gen code some...  Add minimap or other indicators?
Performance???  Can we profile?
Add more background buildings... cannons, maybe, plus invader buildings
Win condition: Conquer the universe.  Game over screens?
Powerups!
Skysmashers?


Impose draw order: Planets are lowest, then buildings, then civvies, then soldiers, then
invaders.  Particles are above planets but below everything else...
In case of overlapping planets, the planet the player is on should always be (re?)drawn last.
Small buildings should also be drawn before large buildings, so you get a background effect.

Powerups?  Different weapons?  Powerups could be longer vines, better weapons, healing, better
engine thrust/turning...



Mixing actual coordinates and rotational coordinates is a pain in the ASS.

I really should have a much more powerful and high-level set of combinators for object
interactions.  That would help a lot, I think.  But, no time to refactor!


Name:
Planet Pirates?


Other buildings:
Small shack
Medium house
Big building
Planet drive
Pirate houses
Defense bases?  Even if only decorative.



Base weapon is a bigass axe.

Skysmashers!


Okay, outstanding issues:

GRAPHICS
No death effects for buildings
Better background (how?)
Hit effects should be better
Art should be better.  Animations too.
Planets could stand to be prettier
The teleporter and capture beam are ugly
Score and position display sucks
Planet engine graphics suck and have no state indication
Drawing order
If you can capture a planet it should project a ghost capture beam to it to show it's available
If you are over a capture beam it should highlight it so you know where you're teleporting to

PHYSICS
Enemy bullets travel a radial distance, not a linear distance
Radial position code sucks in general, switching it all to be linear would be nice... but I'm not sure I dare.

GAMEPLAY & MISC
EASY TO GET LOST -- make the universe wrap, make a minimap or global map  --Oh!  Just a planet proximity locator; arrows on
the edge of the screen!
Sound is a little extreme
No music
Enemies don't invade you back
Enemy bullets travel a radial distance, not a linear distance
Universe generation sucks
More enemies and variety in behavior -- skysmashers, marines that jump, civvies should be more obvious
There should be other planets with engines and such
Powerups!

WISHLIST:
Component based?
Levels?
Variable screen size?

Slow things:
sprite.draw
vec.fromAngle
world.screenCoords
world.draw
pygame.surface.blit

Sorta slow things:
vec.mag
vec.new
vec.add
vec.sub
vec.mul
Particles.update
particles.draw
pygame.draw.circle
pygame.surface.fill
pygame.surface.get_size

